# DISCLAIMER

This presentation, demonstration, and demonstration model are for informational purposes only and (1) are not subject to SOC 1 and SOC 2 compliance audits, and (2) are not designed, intended or made available as a medical device(s) or as a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, treatment or judgment. **Microsoft makes no warranties, express or implied, in this presentation, demonstration, and demonstration model**. Nothing in this presentation, demonstration, or demonstration model modifies any of the terms and conditions of Microsoft’s written and signed agreements. This is not an offer and applicable terms and the information provided are subject to revision and may be changed at any time by Microsoft.

This presentation, demonstration, and demonstration model do not give you or your organization any license to any patents, trademarks, copyrights, or other intellectual property covering the subject matter in this presentation, demonstration, and demonstration model.

The information contained in this presentation, demonstration and demonstration model represents the current view of Microsoft on the issues discussed as of the date of presentation and/or demonstration, for the duration of your access to the demonstration model. Because Microsoft must respond to changing market conditions, it should not be interpreted to be a commitment on the part of Microsoft, and Microsoft cannot guarantee the accuracy of any information presented after the date of presentation and/or demonstration and for the duration of your access to the demonstration model.

No Microsoft technology, nor any of its component technologies, including the demonstration model, is intended or made available as a substitute for the professional advice, opinion, or judgment of (1) a certified financial services professional, or (2) a certified medical professional. Partners or customers are responsible for ensuring the regulatory compliance of any solution they build using Microsoft technologies.

