# Microsoft Healthcare Accelerator Proof of Concept (POC) License:

These license terms are an agreement between you and your affiliates (“you”), and Microsoft Corporation or one of its affiliates (“Microsoft”). “Affiliate” means any legal entity that owns, is owned by, or is commonly owned with a party. “Own” means having more than 50% ownership or the right to direct the management of the entity.
IF YOU COMPLY WITH THESE LICENSE TERMS, YOU HAVE THE RIGHTS BELOW. BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, YOU MAY NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.
Subject to the terms and restrictions set forth in this license, Microsoft grants you a nonexclusive, perpetual, royalty-free right to use, copy, and modify the Software provided by us ("Software"). You may not sublicense the Software or any use of it (except to your affiliates and to vendors to perform work on your behalf) through distribution, network access, service agreement, lease, rental, or otherwise. This license does not purport to express any claim of ownership over data you may have shared with Microsoft in the creation of the Software. Unless applicable law gives you more rights, Microsoft reserves all other rights not expressly granted herein, whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise. 
If you give feedback about the Software to Microsoft, you grant to Microsoft, without charge, the right to use, share and commercialize your feedback in any way and for any purpose.  You will not provide any feedback that is subject to a license that would require Microsoft to license its software or documentation to third parties due to Microsoft including your feedback in such software or documentation. 
You warrant and covenant that you will not share any data with Microsoft under this agreement.
Neither you nor your representatives may use the Software provided hereunder: (i) in a way prohibited by law, regulation, governmental order or decree; (ii) to violate the rights of others; (iii) to try to gain unauthorized access to or disrupt any service, device, data, account or network; (iv) to distribute spam or malware; (v) in a way that could harm Microsoft’s IT systems or impair anyone else’s use of them; (vi) in any application or situation where use of the Software could lead to the death or serious bodily injury of any person, or to physical or environmental damage; or (vii) to assist, encourage or enable anyone to do any of the above. You may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the Software, or otherwise attempt to derive the source code for the Software, except and to the extent required by third party licensing terms governing use of certain open source components that may be included in the Software, or remove, minimize, block, or modify any notices of Microsoft or its suppliers in the Software.
By accessing this code, you acknowledge the code is made available for presentation and demonstration purposes only and that the code (1) is not designed, intended, or made available as a medical device(s), and (2) is not designed or intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, treatment, or judgment. Do not use this code to replace, substitute, or provide professional medical advice, diagnosis, treatment, or judgement. You are solely responsible for ensuring the regulatory, legal, and/or contractual compliance of any use of the code, including obtaining any authorizations or consents, and any solution you choose to build that incorporates this code in whole or in part.
You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the Software, which include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use. For further information on export restrictions, visit https://aka.ms/exporting.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL MICROSOFT OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
IF YOU HAVE ANY BASIS FOR RECOVERING DAMAGES DESPITE THE PRECEDING DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY, YOU CAN RECOVER FROM MICROSOFT AND ITS SUPPLIERS ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO U.S. $5.00. YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES.
This limitation applies to (i) anything related to the Software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party applications; and (ii) claims for breach of contract, warranty, guarantee, or condition; strict liability, negligence, or other tort; or any other claim; in each case to the extent permitted by applicable law.
It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your state, province, or country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential, or other damages.



